A hero chosen by the player of 1 of 3 choices a Samurai, a Ninja, and a Hero. You are in an ancient Roman-esq colosseum and are one of the top 3
contenders for the right to rule the current world of Js-topia. 

The Samurai wields the legendary Moonviel katana and thier past has a dark secret.
The Ninja wields the Rivers of blood sword and thier hopes are to bring piece in Js-topia. 
Finally, the Hero they wield the Dark Moon great sword, and they hope to bring prosperity to the lands between. 

after charClass selection, start. 

In the beginning the char will have a choice of either dodging left(0) or right(1) or hit back with a counter(2)

(0) => successful dodge with 2 hit counter
(1) => none successful dodge and get hit for damage
(2) => successful dodge and misses counter 

if (0) was chosen the next choices are follow up attack(0) or ready for a counter(1)
        if (0) was chosen get hit for thinking you caught opponent off guard
            cont path => after getting hit you are enraged and swing you sword aimlessly and ultimatly losing...

        if (1) was chosen slowly control breathing and hit for powerful attack
            cont path => after powerful attacks land opponents gives up!


if (1) was chosen make a feint and fall to ground(0) or get ready counter attack(1)
         if (0) was chosen give up and admit defeat ending game entirely

         if (1) was chosen you dodge attack and counter with 3 consecutive hits!
        cont path => The opponent readys attack, you dodge horizontally confusing the opponent and stabbing them in the heart winning the colosseum, becoming its champion!!!


if (2)  was chosen ready stance(0) or use seppuku to cover up shame ending game entirely(1)
         if (0) was chosen sheathe sword and ready a iai spirit slash(Samurai), heavenly blade dance(Ninja), or Rising Sun(Hero)

            cont path => hit with attack and defeat opponent!




Samuria ending, The Samurai has reveled that they were once a conqueror of the northern continent and has committed terrible atrocities but has been reformed and is now comitted to bringing peace and prosperity to the New World of Js-topia.

Ninja ending, The Ninja reveals that they came from the eastern continent as an outcast and that they wanted to win for the sole purpose of invading the eastern continent and will now use Js-topia as as its sord to bring the eastern continent into flames.

Hero ending, The hero reveals that he entered the tournament to prove that they want to be the best but starts laughing maniacally and their tone changes as he tells Js-topia to ready for war as they are going to dominante the world!